Update Relay Kit description and link (#167)
safe-global/safe-docs: learn/safe-core-account-abstraction-sdk/relay-kit.md

### How to use

Currently, the Relay Kit is compatible only with the [Gelato relay](https://docs.gelato.network/developer-services/relay). Gelato provides two ways in order to use their relay, [Gelato SyncFee](https://docs.gelato.network/developer-services/relay/quick-start/callwithsyncfee), and [Gelato 1Balance](https://docs.gelato.network/developer-services/relay/payment-and-fees/1balance).

#### Gelato SyncFee

> [Gelato SyncFee](https://docs.gelato.network/developer-services/relay/quick-start/callwithsyncfee) is one of the most straightforward ways to use relaying. Using this method you will be able to execute a transaction paying the gas fees directly with funding available in the Safe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Gelato SyncFee](https://docs.gelato.network/developer-services/relay/quick-start/callwithsyncfee) is one of the most straightforward ways to use relaying. Gelato SyncFee allows you to execute a transaction and pay the gas fees directly with money in your Safe, even if you don't have ETH or the native blockchain token.
```

### How to use

Currently, the Relay Kit is only compatible with the [Gelato relay](https://docs.gelato.network/developer-services/relay). There are 2 ways to use the Gelato relay:
1.  [Gelato SyncFee](https://docs.gelato.network/developer-services/relay/quick-start/callwithsyncfee)
2. [Gelato 1Balance](https://docs.gelato.network/developer-services/relay/payment-and-fees/1balance)

#### Gelato SyncFee

> [Gelato SyncFee](https://docs.gelato.network/developer-services/relay/quick-start/callwithsyncfee) is one of the most straightforward ways to use relaying. Gelato SyncFee allows you to execute a transaction and pay the gas fees directly with money in your Safe, even if you don't have ETH or the native blockchain token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Gelato SyncFee](https://docs.gelato.network/developer-services/relay/quick-start/callwithsyncfee) is one of the most straightforward ways to use relaying. Gelato SyncFee allows you to execute a transaction and pay the gas fees directly with funds in your Safe, even if you don't have ETH or the native blockchain token.
```
